{
  "_comment": "Level-specific parameters for R6 interview question generation. Keys match load_prompt() flat substitution.",
  "I": {
    "interview_target": "Conduct interviews with various level staff about concrete behaviors they have observed or performed. Target specific actions of individuals (the interviewee, their subordinates, colleagues, or managers). Avoid hypothetical or systemic questions.",
    "participant_1": "Actor (a physical individual, a collaborator, a manager, a specific person — someone with a body capable of performing the verb)",
    "process_type": "Material (e.g. produce, write, repair, build, deliver) or Behavioural (e.g. listen, observe, interact, respond)",
    "participant_2": "Optional Goal (the concrete entity on which the action operates, e.g. a report, a client, a task, a decision)",
    "circumstance": "Context of the action (Time, Place, Manner). The physical or immediate setting where the behavior occurs (e.g. 'in the morning', 'carefully', 'in the meeting room'). It is the concrete level of the organization's environment.",
    "proscription": "No systemic abstraction. The subject must have a physical body capable of performing the verb. Do not describe the function of a role, but the action of a person.",
    "audit_rule_main_clause": "Syntactic analysis strictly applies to the main grammatical clause. Subordinate clauses may contain processes from other levels. Do not reject complex but valid sentences, and avoid generating artificially simple ones."
  },
  "O": {
    "interview_target": "Conduct interviews with various level staff (operation, management, executive) about coordination mechanisms, collective routines, and the actual functioning of processes and systems. Ask about systemic episodes — how the system responds, what the routine produces, what breaks when the mechanism fails — not about what the interviewee personally did.",
    "participant_1": "Carrier or Abstract Actor (the system, the organisation, the process, the managerial ritual, the tool, the committee as an institutional instance)",
    "process_type": "Relational-attributive (e.g. be structured, become predictable, remain aligned) or Abstract Material (e.g. consolidate, coordinate, generate, regulate, standardise)",
    "participant_2": "Optional Attribute (the characteristic assigned to the carrier) or Abstract Goal (the systemic output)",
    "circumstance": "Context of the system (Frequency, Condition, Scope). The operational conditions (e.g. 'weekly', 'automatically', 'under standard conditions').",
    "proscription": "The subject of the main clause must never be an individual. The action must result from system engineering, not personal initiative. Avoid 'you' as the grammatical subject of the observable item.",
    "audit_rule_main_clause": "Syntactic analysis strictly applies to the main grammatical clause. Subordinate clauses may contain processes from other levels. Do not reject complex but valid sentences, and avoid generating artificially simple ones.",
    "audit_rule_inversion": "Inversion test : If the main participant of a Level O statement can be replaced by a proper noun (e.g., 'John') without making the sentence semantically absurd, the statement likely belongs to Level I and is invalid for Level O."
  },
  "S": {
    "interview_target": "Conduct interviews with various level staff about historical strategic decisions, deliberate trade-offs made under uncertainty, and the underlying theories of action that guide the organisation. Explore choices made, positions taken, and the reasoning behind them — not routines performed.",
    "participant_1": "Senser (the thinking entity: executive leadership, the board, the organisation as a decision-making whole) or Identified (the value proposition, the strategic identity, the ambition)",
    "process_type": "Mental (e.g. decide, prioritise, anticipate, consider, believe) or Relational-identifying (e.g. signify, represent, constitute, define, embody)",
    "participant_2": "Optional Phenomenon (the object of cognition or strategic choice) or Identifier (what defines or anchors the identity)",
    "circumstance": "Context of the decision (Time Horizon, Competitive Landscape, Uncertainty). The macro-environment or strategic timeframe (e.g. 'in the long term', 'vis-à-vis the competition'). It is the abstract level of the organization's environment.",
    "proscription": "Avoid obligation verbs (must, should, need to) which mask an inability to define identity. Avoid operational or systemic process verbs. Prefer relational-identifying processes that express who or what the organisation IS, not what it produces.",
    "audit_rule_main_clause": "Syntactic analysis strictly applies to the main grammatical clause. Subordinate clauses may contain processes from other levels. Do not reject complex but valid sentences, and avoid generating artificially simple ones."
  }
}